# **Questions**

* Create Variable name (`firstFavNum`) & store your favorite number. Create Variable name (`secondFavNum`) & store your second fav number. Add (`firstFavNum` & `secondFavNumber`). Subtract (`firstFavNum` & `secondFavNumber`). Multiply (`firstFavNum` & `secondFavNumber`). Divided (`firstFavNum` & `secondFavNumber`). Check (`firstFavNum` Mod `secondFavNumber`). Check the power of (`firstFavNum`)

* Create Variable name (`isJsProgrammingLanguage`) & store true as a value. Create variable name (`isJsHard`) & store false as a value. Create variable name (`favNumb`) & store your favorite number inside. Now Add favNumber with the value of undefined.

* Create variable name (`firstFavNumb`) & store your favorite number. Create variable name (`secondFavNumb`) & store second fav Number. Check (`firstFavNumb` is greater then `secondFavNumb`). Check (`firstFavNumb` is less then `secondFavNumb`). Check (`firstFavNumb` is greater then & equal to `secondFavNumb`). Check (`firstFavNumb` is less then & equal to `secondFavNumb`). Check (`firstFavNumb` is equal to `secondFavNumb`) using strict equality operator. Check (`firstFavNumb` is equal to `secondFavNumb`) using loose equality operator. Check (`firstFavNumb` is not equal to `secondFavNumb`) using strict non-equality operator. Check is (`firstFavNumb` is not equal to `secondFavNumb`) using loose non-equality operator.

* Create variable name (`favActorFirstName`) & store your fav Actor name. Create variable name (`favActorLastName`) & store the last name of (`FA`). Create variable name (`fullName`) & concatenate (`favActorFirstName`, `favActorLastName`). Create variable name (`uppercase`) & CAPITALIZE your fav actor name. Create a variable name (`message`) & store `My favorite Actor Is (`favActorName`) & say something about your fav actor` name should be in UPPERCASE. Now append this message to the (`message variable`) `his best show is Silicon Valley`. Now Log your Message.